Tutorial fix (#461)
ivadomed/ivadomed: docs/source/tutorials/cascaded_architecture.rst

sure the ``command`` is set to "train" and ``bids_path`` point to the location of the dataset. Below, we will discuss
some of the key parameters to use cascaded models.

> - ``debugging``: Boolean create extended verbosity and intermediate outputs. Here we will look at the intermediat prediction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``debugging``: Boolean, create extended verbosity and intermediate outputs. Here we will look at the intermediate predictions
```

>   with tensorboard, we therefore need to activate thos intermediate outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with tensorboard, we therefore need to activate those intermediate outputs.
```
